FixMix - Important Points for Continued Development 05/12/2026
Any agent starting to work on the development of the continuation of the development needs to read and understand the following documents in the project folder:
1. project-meta\Read me3- popblem product use cases.txt
2. Read code and any importand files of the project (no need to read Archive or all the files in "project meta").
3. Review the screenshot tests in: project-meta\Test Step 1
Before continuing development, read this file answer and consult with the user.
We are continuing the development of Phase 1 - ALPHA. comments later in this document.
Phase 1 - The product is a one-way external window (only displays text information from AI apps tools text windows passively on FIXMIX window in RTL). • Upon completion, prepare a code copy and self activation way for (exe.?) for the user's personal-use and tests.
Phase 2 - Improve the product into a mirror window that transmits two-way information - FIXMIX can transmit interactive information, from scrolling to writing notes in identical and duplicate components to those in the original application.
The purpose of the HTML+CSS or other languages that exist in AI desktop applications, Artifact, Artifact in the browser, side windows in the browser - will be displayed duplicated in two windows without interfering with the code of the original application. What is displayed in the window in the original application is also displayed in the FIXMIX window, and they work synchronously.
After we succeed in developing this identical two-way window, we will add a feature that the FIXMIX window covers precisely - a "magnet" feature, *but with a marker for the user that this is not the original window. The user can click the magnet OFF to release the window and position it elsewhere. Clicking the magnet ON will return the window as an exact layer in size and position above the original application.
At the end of Phase 2, the goal is to develop and launch it as a commercial desk- top application, including payment, download, with a free trial period.
Back to continuing and completing Phase 1. • If the explanation about Phase 2 requires changes in the code and technology of Phase 1, then please plan this and present it to me before making changes.
List of Fixes for Phase 1:
1. Activation in a new way - the user selects the window to fix (how?) and then activates FIXMIX once. Every update in the original window automatically updates the chat window. Currently, too many steps are required, and the user has to copy the text again each time. Currently, the user needs to: a. Run the application in the terminal/ later it may be possible to run the application on the desktop (this is something that probably can't be changed except for a "run on startup" feature, and there is no need for that right now). b. Copy text on the COPY button or manually select text to copy (copy or Ctrl+ c). c. Click with the mouse on the FIXMIX screen. d. Ctrl+ Shift+ M/ The goal is for the user to only copy the first text from which the automatic fix begins. And then, in the simplest way, the user does something, and only then does the window open with the corrected text inside. Then the text in FIXMIX is updated automatically. Option: Ctrl + C for the first text, and Ctrl+ Q to activate the window and the corrected text.
2. With every update of new text, if it's a chat and the user wrote something, then also display the text that the user wrote, in a clear way and different from the AI tool's responses.
3. Display the corrected text with all the CSS elements like BOLD, color, highlighting. And it is desirable to try now to display as accurately as possible the spaces, the sizes of the post, the dividing lines, the interactive elements (even if they are not active) in the corrected display in FIXMIX. Why? To test this for Phase 2. And also - because it is easier for the user's eye to understand where the text is located in the original application if the design and spacing are similar. Also, fix text that is centered in the original text - so that it is also centered in FIXMIX. The fix should only be for the order of the words in the case of a sentence in the center - usually this will be a title.
4. Check why Claude desktop is not always corrected and aligned to the right (see screenshot tests).
5. Check why text in Artifacts from browsers and also from side windows is not right-aligned and corrected. And check if there is a solution? Note that text from browser chats does work.
6. Check how to implement lists and tables from the original text. Example project-meta\Test Step 1\Claude desktop chat at artifact bad display test .png. (Could the problem in this example be a problem related to Claude desktop and not specifically to the table?)
7. Check whether it is possible to fix and display text from Artifact with interactive HTML as in: project-meta\Test Step 1\Research UI UX Interactive ai-tools-comparison.html Or according to this image project-meta\Test Step 1\Claude desktop Artifact test .png
8. Develop a "Copy" button and a "Save" button - make sure that it can be saved in word + PDF+ MD or HTML in case of interactive artifact - but it needs to be checked that if it is copied or saved, it keeps the corrected and organized design of RTL.
9. Add to the design of the window the option for "full screen", "split screen" and to minimize. Currently, there is only minimize.
10. Currently, it is relatively difficult to enlarge and move the window (as in most applications, but when working with such a window there are many moves to avoid hiding other things) - it would help if the borders of the window were wider and define that the mouse can change borders in a larger area, similarly, you can move the window at any point the mouse touches or add an area with a arrow icon that is easy to move the screen. See project-meta\Test Step 1\window size and scale.png
11. Currently, if FIXMIX is open, and the user opens or clicks on any other window on the screen, the FIXMIX layer remains the first layer and hides. Fix it. See example in project-meta\Test Step 1\FixMix window default is first layer.png
Before starting development - ask me any question if something is not understood, suggest other ways to improve, research how best to solve it, and if necessary, do a research.
Question - It is clear to me that there are applications that work with code different from HTML CSS, and therefore this is probably the difficulty. You are welcome to suggest creative ways to change the whole product and technology if needed. For example, that there will be completely different code for tools in different code, and the user has to choose which "translation" method to choose for each application and each window. Or even explore using a small open-source AI model and embedding it in our application.
I don't know if it will help at this stage, but there is a lot of information about which interactive tools are in each application in project-meta\Test Step 1\Research UI UX Interactive ai-tools-comparison.html

